so you want to know
almost a decade's worth of line of duty
plot in just a few minutes
all right here goes nothing
firstly there's a load of acronyms but
the only one that really matters is
ac-12 an anti-corruption unit that
polices the police
and which every copper seems to
absolutely hate
ac 12's job is to flush out corrupt
bobbies and fight blue on blue crime
and no i don't mean double denim there's
big dog superintendent hastings who
loves mentioning god's mom
there's undercover stealth queen d s
kate fleming
and there's unlikely stud muffin d steve
arnot whose
solving crime face is irresistible to
any woman
in series one the three musketeers
investigate dci tony gates
because he's suspiciously good at his
job then gates gets framed for his
mistresses murdered by tommy who runs an
ocg that's an organised crime group did
i mention there's a load of acronyms
tommy's crew like cutting off fingers
and using bad language
especially this gobby little rascal on a
bike called ryan
long story short gates realizes his
career is screwed
so leads ac 12 to tommy then jumps in
front of a lorry
turns out that one of his team a smarmy
tall fella named ds cotton aka dot
is working for the baddies who call him
the candy and trust me
he's going to make things much harder
for ac 12 especially because he ends up
joining their team in series 2 which
sees the downfall of di lindsey denton
who gets framed for murder when a convoy
of police cars is attacked
everyone dies apart from denton and a
protected witness who turns out to be
tommy the gangster
but then tommy gets killed anyway by a
fake nurse in hospital
who also throws steve's new squeeze out
the window
[Music]
anyway denton's livid because she was
only trying to save this teenager called
carly from the ocg and it all backfired
she goes to the slammer for a bit and
gets roughed up and then when they let
her visit a dying mom she gets kidnapped
by two bent coppers
she's having none of it and fights back
like a total legend but still ends up
being convicted of murder
ac 12 get wind of the code name the
caddy and who did he put in charge of
finding him
only dot the flipping caddy himself
first one you still with me
all right in series three sergeant danny
waldron shoots a suspect in cold blood
then someone in danny's own team ends up
shooting him and claiming it was suicide
but dany's made this list of names of
these proper evil blocks in a pedophile
ring
and the caddy's stolen it steve and kate
discover that a retired copper coal
fairbank is one of the pedophiles which
is awkward for hastings because they're
both masons
then jailbird denton gets released and
works with steve to find the list
which is also awkward because they once
dry humped i didn't shagger
anyway denton sends a copy of the list
to ac12
just seconds before the caddy shoots her
in his car which is actually steve's car
with different wretch blades
the caddy frame steve as the caddy and
his girlfriend leaves him and this
lawyer jill bigelow keeps popping up
everywhere
and he's making a beeline for hastings
who's sad about his wife
then ac 12 realized dots the chadic and
he busts his way out the office
kate goes all terminator and pursues him
until the ocg tried to shoot her
but dot takes the bullet instead and
gives a dying declaration about a rotten
stinker in the force whose name begins
with h
okay almost there series four
dci ross huntley is under a ton of
pressure to find a serial killer
but forensic nerd tim eiffield keeps
sticking his oar in about insufficient
evidence
huntley goes to his house where he
accidentally almost kills her
except she wakes up and kills him
instead
in the tussle he scratches her arm and
it goes all gross
disgusting she frames him for another
murder
and even frames her husband who gets
steve thrown down the stairs
by this balaclava huntley has her arm
amputated
then she gets arrested then ac 12
discovered both a solicitor and a boss
called hilton
are linked to balaclava man then
everyone's like oh
maybe the h person that caddy mentioned
is hilton
but hang on hastings name begins with h2
finally in series five a police convoy
is hijacked by the ocg
ds john corbett an undercover cop posing
as a tough knock criminal is to blame
he's a senior police officer tell me i'm
wrong corbett's totally obsessed with
who the bloody hell this h is
and he's using the gang to lure him out
so all systems go at ac
12 where kate is now a di steve has a
beard
and hastings is in deep doodoos because
it's starting to look like he
might be the notorious mastermind h gang
member lisa who seems kinda all right
because she grinds when people die
figures out corbett's a rat and gets him
murdered by ryan
that guppy kid on a bike from series one
then hastings goes rogue and meets up
with the ocg to prove his innocence
this scary ac3 unit and with the police
that police the police
that police the police come and
investigate hastings and he gets charged
and there's this incredible moment where
stephen k exposed that lawyer jill
bigelow as being a member of the ocg
herself
and everyone's like wow
then this ocg woman posing as a copper
tries to kill her in the box but she
stuffs it up
then steve has a lightbulb moment that
the letter h in most code is dot dot dot
dot
which means there's not one h but four
dots
which means there's still one dot to
take down or something like that
to be continued dot dot dot so that's
pretty much it
you're up to date oh yeah and that ryan
kid he's all grown up and training to be
a copper himself maybe by series 20
he'll be chief constable